Decommission XTokens Pallet Docs (#1067)
moonbeam-foundation/moonbeam-docs: builders/interoperability/xcm/xc20/overview.md

The main difference between these two types of assets is that local XC-20s are EVM ERC-20s that have XCM capabilities, while external XC-20s are Substrate assets with an ERC-20 interface on top.

> Cross-chain transfers of XC-20s are done using the PolkadotXCM Pallet. To learn how to use the PolkadotXCM Pallet to transfer XC-20s, you can refer to the [Using the PolkadotXCM Pallet](/builders/interoperability/xcm/xc20/send-xc20s/xcm-pallet/){target=\_blank} guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cross-chain transfers of XC-20s are done using the Polkadot XCM Pallet. To learn how to use this pallet to transfer XC-20s, you can refer to the [Using the Polkadot XCM Pallet](/builders/interoperability/xcm/xc20/send-xc20s/xcm-pallet/){target=\_blank} guide.
```
